README.md, before:

# deRSE23 unconference break-outs 

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14146757/215468887-ab657376-1b38-47d0-8e11-a7bf36b5730f.jpeg" width="100">


Welcome to the repository for the deRSE Unconference 2023 break-out sessions. 

*(For short talks please see https://un-derse23.sciencesconf.org)*

## Form the program

We will form the program of this event together :handshake: 
Please post ideas for sessions as [issues](). You need to have a GitHub account in order to do so.

- :bulb: Open a new issue for a new idea.
- :cherries: Comment on existing issues if you have any thoughts or questions about it. You can also mention how you could contribute or anything else relevant to the break-out idea.

:information_desk_person:
*Please make sure that your break-out session ideas are understandable to everyone. We come from different fields. Use as little jargon as possible.* 
:information_desk_person:

This will be a two-stage process: on **TBA** no more issues are accepted. Until **TBA** the existing proposals for a session can be discussed, merged, closed or finalized. We will decide on the final program based on what we have after this second deadline.

If you run into any problems with this process, please contact the program chairs [Heidi Seibold](mailto:heidi@seibold.co) and/or [Robert Speck](mailto:r.speck@fz-juelich.de).

Commit message:

Apply suggestions from code review
Co-authored-by: Benjamin Uekermann <benjamin.uekermann@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# deRSE23 unconference break-outs 

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14146757/215468887-ab657376-1b38-47d0-8e11-a7bf36b5730f.jpeg" width="100">


Welcome to the repository for the deRSE Unconference 2023 break-out sessions. 

*(For short talks please see https://un-derse23.sciencesconf.org)*

## Form the program

We will form the program of this event together :handshake: 
Please post ideas for sessions as [issues](). You need to have a GitHub account in order to do so.

- :bulb: Open a new issue for a new idea.
- :cherries: Comment on existing issues if you have any thoughts or questions about it. You can also mention how you could contribute or anything else relevant to the break-out idea.

:information_desk_person:
*Please make sure that your break-out session ideas are understandable to everyone. We come from different fields. Use as little jargon as possible.* 
:information_desk_person:

We will review proposals in a two-stage process. On **April 17** no more new issues are accepted. Until **April 28** the existing proposals for sessions can still be discussed, merged, closed, or finalized. We will decide on the final program based on what we have after this second deadline.

If you run into any problems with this process, please contact the program chairs [Heidi Seibold](mailto:heidi@seibold.co) and/or [Robert Speck](mailto:r.speck@fz-juelich.de).
